
--- Page 1 ---
BYLAWS OF 
TEAMBOOST.AI, INC.
I.
 
OFFICES.
The registered office of TeamBoost.ai, Inc. (the “Corporation”) shall be located in the 
State of Delaware and shall be at such address as shall be set forth in the Certificate of 
Incorporation. The registered agent of the Corporation at such address shall be as set forth in the 
Certificate of Incorporation.  The Corporation may also have such other offices at such other 
places, within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time 
designate or the business of the Corporation may require.
II.
 
STOCKHOLDERS.
1.
Annual Meeting.  The annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors 
and the transaction of any other business shall be held on such date and at such time and 
in such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as shall from time to time 
be designated by the Board of Directors.  At the annual meeting any business may be 
transacted and any corporate action may be taken, whether stated in the notice of meeting 
or not, except as otherwise expressly provided by statute or the Certificate of 
Incorporation.
2.
Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the stockholders for any purpose may be 
called at any time by the Board of Directors, or by the President, and shall be called by 
the President at the request of the holders of at least 20% of the outstanding shares of 
capital stock entitled to vote.  Special meetings shall be held at such place or places 
within or without the State of Delaware as shall from time to time be designated by the 
Board of Directors.  At a special meeting no business shall be transacted and no corporate 
action shall be taken other than that stated in the notice of the meeting.
3.
Notice of Meetings.  Written notice of the time and place of any stockholder’s 
meeting, whether annual or special, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote 
thereat, except as otherwise provided herein or permitted by applicable law, by personal 
delivery or by mailing the same to him at his address as the same appears upon the 
records of the Corporation at least ten (10) days but not more than sixty (60) days before 
the day of the meeting.  Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be 
given effectively to stockholders, notice of meetings may be given to stockholders by 
means of electronic transmission in accordance with applicable law.  Notice of any 
adjourned meeting need not be given except by announcement at the meeting so 
Bylaws of TeamBoost.ai, Inc

--- Page 2 ---
adjourned, unless otherwise ordered in connection with such adjournment.  Such further 
notice, if any, shall be given as may be required by law.
4.
Quorum.  Any number of stockholders, together holding at least a majority of the 
capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, who shall be 
present in person or represented by proxy at any meeting duly called, shall constitute a 
quorum for the transaction of all business, except as otherwise provided by law, by the 
Certificate of Incorporation, or by these By-Laws.
5.
Adjournment of Meetings.  If less than a quorum shall attend at the time for which 
a meeting shall have been called, the meeting may adjourn from time to time by a 
majority vote of the stockholders present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote 
without notice other than by announcement at the meeting until a quorum shall attend.  
Any meeting at which a quorum is present may also be adjourned in like manner and for 
such time or upon such call as may be determined by a majority vote of the stockholders 
present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote.  At any adjourned meeting at which 
a quorum shall be present, any business may be transacted and any corporate action may 
be taken which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called.
6.
Voting List.  The Secretary shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before 
every election of directors, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote, arranged in 
alphabetical order and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares 
of each stockholder.  Such list shall be open at the place where the election is to be held 
for said ten (10) days, to the examination of any stockholder, and shall be produced and 
kept at the time and place of election during the whole time thereof, and subject to the 
inspection of any stockholder who may be present.
7.
Voting.  Each stockholder entitled to vote at any meeting may vote either in 
person or by proxy, but no proxy shall be voted on or after three years from its date, 
unless said proxy provides for a longer period.  Except as otherwise provided by the 
Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder entitled to vote shall at every meeting of 
the stockholders be entitled to one vote for each share of stock registered in his name on 
the record of stockholders.  At all meetings of stockholders all matters, except as 
otherwise provided by statute, shall be determined by the affirmative vote of the majority 
of shares present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the subject matter.  Voting 
at meetings of stockholders need not be by written ballot.
8.
Record Date of Stockholders.  The Board of Directors is authorized to fix in 
advance a date not exceeding sixty (60) days nor less than ten (10) days preceding the 
date of any meeting of stockholders, or the date for the payment of any dividend, or the 
date for the allotment of rights, or the date when any change or conversion or exchange 
of capital stock shall go into effect, or a date in connection with obtaining the consent of 
stockholders for any purposes, as a record date for the determination of the stockholders 
entitled to notice of, and to vote at, any such meeting, and any adjournment thereof, or 

2
Bylaws of TeamBoost.ai, Inc

--- Page 3 ---
entitled to receive payment of any such dividend, or to any such allotment of rights, or to 
exercise the rights in respect of any such change, conversion or exchange of capital stock, 
or to give such consent, and, in such case, such stockholders and only such stockholders 
as shall be stockholders of record on the date so fixed shall be entitled to such notice of, 
and to vote at, such meeting, and any adjournment thereof, or to receive payment of such 
dividend, or to receive such allotment of rights, or to exercise such rights, or to give such 
consent, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of any stock on the books of the 
Corporation, after such record date fixed as aforesaid.
9.
Action Without Meeting.  Any action required or permitted to be taken at any 
annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior 
notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so 
taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the 
minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a 
meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be 
delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, 
its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of 
the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded.  Delivery made 
to the Corporation’s registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, 
return receipt requested.  Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a 
meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who 
have not consented in writing.
10.
Conduct of Meetings.  The Chairman of the Board of Directors, or if there be 
none, or in the Chairman’s absence, the President shall preside at all regular or special 
meetings of stockholders.  To the maximum extent permitted by law, such presiding 
person shall have the power to set procedural rules, including but not limited to rules 
respecting the time allotted to stockholders to speak, governing all aspects of the conduct 
of such meetings.
III.
 
DIRECTORS.
1.
Number and Qualifications.  The Board of Directors shall consist of one or more 
members, the number thereof to be determined from time to time by resolution of the 
Board of Directors.  The directors need not be stockholders.
2.
Election of Directors.  The directors shall be elected by the stockholders at the 
annual meeting of stockholders.
3.
Duration of Office.  The directors chosen at any annual meeting shall, except as 
hereinafter provided, hold office until the next annual election and until their successors 
are elected and qualify.

3
Bylaws of TeamBoost.ai, Inc

--- Page 4 ---
4.
Removal and Resignation of Directors.  Except as set forth in the Certificate of 
Incorporation of the Corporation, as such certificate may be amended by any Amendment 
to the Certificate of Incorporation filed by the Corporation, any director may be removed 
from the Board of Directors, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the 
shares of capital stock entitled to vote, either by written consent or consents or at any 
special meeting of the stockholders called for that purpose, and the office of such director 
shall forthwith become vacant.
Any director may resign at any time.  Such resignation shall take effect at the time 
specified therein, and if no time be specified, at the time of its receipt by the President or 
Secretary.  The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective, unless so 
specified therein.
5.
Filling of Vacancies.  Any vacancy among the directors, occurring from any cause 
whatsoever, may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a 
quorum; provided, however, that the stockholders removing any director may at the same 
meeting fill the vacancy caused by such removal; provided further, however, that if the 
directors fail to fill any such vacancy, the stockholders may at any special meeting called 
for that purpose fill such vacancy.  In case of any increase in the number of directors, the 
additional directors may be elected by the directors in office before such increase.
Any person elected to fill a vacancy shall hold office, subject to the right of removal as 
hereinbefore provided, until the next annual election and until his successor is elected and 
qualifies.
6.
Regular Meetings.  The Board of Directors shall hold an annual meeting for the 
purpose of organization and the transaction of any business immediately after the annual 
meeting of the stockholders, provided a quorum of directors is present.  Other regular 
meetings may be held at such times as may be determined from time to time by resolution 
of the Board of Directors.
7.
Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by 
the Chairman of the Board of Directors, if any, or by the President or by any two 
directors.
8.
Notice and Place of Meetings.  Meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at 
the principal office of the Corporation, or at such other place as shall be stated in the 
notice of such meeting.  Notice of any special meeting, and, except as the Board of 
Directors may otherwise determine by resolution, notice of any regular meeting also, 
shall be mailed to each director addressed to him at his residence or usual place of 
business at least two (2) days before the day on which the meeting is to be held, or if sent 
to him at such place by facsimile, telegraph or cable, or delivered personally or by 
telephone, not later than the day before the day on which the meeting is to be held.  No 

4
Bylaws of TeamBoost.ai, Inc

--- Page 5 ---
notice of the annual meeting of the Board of Directors shall be required if it is held 
immediately after the annual meeting of the stockholders and if a quorum is present.
9.
Business Transacted at Meetings, etc..  Any business may be transacted and any 
corporate action may be taken at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors 
at which a quorum shall be present, whether such business or proposed action be stated in 
the notice of such meeting or not, unless special notice of such business or proposed 
action shall be required by statute.
10.
Quorum.  A majority of the Board of Directors at any time in office shall 
constitute a quorum.  At any meeting at which a quorum is present, the vote of a majority 
of the members present shall be the act of the Board of Directors unless the act of a 
greater number is specifically required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation or 
these By-Laws.  The members of the Board shall act only as the Board and the individual 
members thereof shall not have any powers as such.
11.
Compensation.  The directors shall not receive any stated salary for their services 
as directors, but by resolution of the Board of Directors a fixed fee and expenses of 
attendance may be allowed for attendance at each meeting.  Nothing herein contained 
shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity, as an 
officer, agent or otherwise, and receiving compensation therefor.
12.
Action Without a Meeting.  Any action required or permitted to be taken at any 
meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a 
meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in 
writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the 
Board or committee.
13.
Meetings Through Use of Communications Equipment.  Members of the Board of 
Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, shall, except as 
otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, have the 
power to participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee, by means 
of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all 
persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation shall 
constitute presence in person at the meeting.
IV.
 
COMMITTEES.
1.
Executive Committee.  The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a 
majority of the whole Board of Directors, designate two or more of their number to 
constitute an Executive Committee to hold office at the pleasure of the Board of 
Directors, which Committee shall, during the intervals between meetings of the Board of 
Directors, have and exercise all of the powers of the Board of Directors in the 

5
Bylaws of TeamBoost.ai, Inc

--- Page 6 ---
management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, subject only to such 
restrictions or limitations as the Board of Directors may from time to time specify, or as 
limited by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and shall have power 
to authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it.
Any member of the Executive Committee may be removed at any time, with or without 
cause, by a resolution of a majority of the whole Board of Directors.
Any person ceasing to be a director shall ipso facto cease to be a member of the 
Executive Committee.
Any vacancy in the Executive Committee occurring from any cause whatsoever may be 
filled from among the directors by a resolution of a majority of the whole Board of Directors.
2.
Other Committees.  Other committees, whose members need not be directors, 
may be appointed by the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee, which 
committees shall hold office for such time and have such powers and perform such duties 
as may from time to time be assigned to them by the Board of Directors or the Executive 
Committee.
Any member of such a committee may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by 
the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee.  Any vacancy in a committee occurring from 
any cause whatsoever may be filled by the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee.
3.
Resignation.  Any member of a committee may resign at any time.  Such 
resignation shall be made in writing and shall take effect at the time specified therein, or, 
if no time be specified, at the time of its receipt by the President or Secretary.  The 
acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless so specified 
therein.
4.
Quorum.  A majority of the members of a committee shall constitute a quorum.  
The act of a majority of the members of a committee present at any meeting at which a 
quorum is present shall be the act of such committee.  The members of a committee shall 
act only as a committee, and the individual members thereof shall not have any powers as 
such.
5.
Record of Proceedings, etc..  Each committee shall keep a record of its acts and 
proceedings, and shall report the same to the Board of Directors when and as required by 
the Board of Directors.
6.
Organization, Meetings, Notices, etc..  A committee may hold its meetings at the 
principal office of the Corporation, or at any other place which a majority of the 
committee may at any time agreed upon.  Each committee may make such rules as it may 
deem expedient for the regulation and carrying on of its meetings and proceedings.  
Unless otherwise ordered by the Executive Committee, any notice of a meeting of such 

6
Bylaws of TeamBoost.ai, Inc

--- Page 7 ---
committee may be given by the Secretary of the Corporation or by the chairman of the 
committee and shall be sufficiently given if mailed to each member at his residence or 
usual place of business at least two (2) days before the day on which the meeting is to be 
held, or if sent to him at such place by facsimile, telegraph or cable, or delivered 
personally or by telephone not later than twenty-four (24) hours before the time at which 
the meeting is to be held.
7.
Compensation.  The members of any committee shall be entitled to such 
compensation as may be allowed them by resolution of the Board of Directors.
V.
 
OFFICERS.
1.
Number.  The officers of the Corporation shall be a President and a Secretary and 
such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of this Article 
V.  The Board of Directors in its discretion may also elect a Chairman of the Board of 
Directors.
2.
Election, Term of Office and Qualifications. The officers, except as provided in 
Section 3 of this Article V, shall be chosen annually by the Board of Directors.  Each such 
officer shall, except as herein otherwise provided, hold office until his successor shall 
have been chosen and shall qualify.  The Chairman of the Board of Directors, if any, and 
the President shall be directors of the Corporation, and should any one of them cease to 
be a director, he shall ipso facto cease to be such officer.  Except as otherwise provided 
by law, any number of offices may be held by the same person.
3.
Other Officers.  Other officers, including but not limited to, a chief executive 
officer, one or more vice-presidents, assistant secretaries, treasurer or assistant treasurers, 
may from time to time be appointed by the Board of Directors, which other officers shall 
have such powers and perform such duties as may be assigned to them by the Board of 
Directors or the officer or committee appointing them.
4.
Removal of Officers.  Any officer of the Corporation may be removed from 
office, with or without cause, by a vote of a majority of the Board of Directors.
5.
Resignation.  Any officer of the Corporation may resign at any time.  Such 
resignation shall be in writing and shall take effect at the time specified therein, and if no 
time be specified, at the time of its receipt by the President or Secretary.  The acceptance 
of a resignation shall not be necessary in order to make it effective, unless so specified 
therein.
6.
Filling of Vacancies.  A vacancy in any office shall be filled by the Board of 
Directors or by the authority appointing the predecessor in such office.

7
Bylaws of TeamBoost.ai, Inc

--- Page 8 ---
7.
Compensation.  The compensation of the officers shall be fixed by the Board of 
Directors, or by any committee upon whom power in that regard may be conferred by the 
Board of Directors.
8.
Chairman of the Board of Directors.  The Chairman of the Board of Directors, if 
any, shall be a director and shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board 
of Directors, and shall have such power and perform such duties as may from time to 
time be assigned to him by the Board of Directors.
9.
Chief Executive Officer.  The board of directors may designate one of the officers 
as chief executive officer.  He shall have, subject to the supervision and direction of the 
board of directors, general supervision of the business, property, and affairs of the 
Corporation and the powers vested in him by the board of directors, by law or by these 
bylaws or which usually attach or pertain to such office.  He may sign, with the secretary 
or any other proper officer of the Corporation thereunto authorized by the board of 
directors, any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts, or other instruments which the board of 
directors has authorized to be executed, except in cases where the signing and execution 
thereof shall be expressly delegated by the board of directors or by these bylaws to some 
other officer or agent of the Corporation, or shall be required by law to be otherwise 
signed or executed; and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of chief 
executive and such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors from time 
to time.
10.
President.  In the absence of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or if there be 
none, the President shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of 
Directors.  He shall have power to call special meetings of the stockholders or of the 
Board of Directors or of the Executive Committee at any time.  If the board of directors 
has designated a chief executive officer who is not the president, then unless otherwise 
specified by the board of directors the president shall report to the chief executive officer.  
If the board of directors has not designated a chief executive officer, the president shall 
also perform the duties of the chief executive officer.  Under the direction of the chief 
executive officer of the Corporation, or if there be none, the President shall have the 
general direction of the business, affairs and property of the Corporation, and of its 
several officers, and shall have and exercise all such powers and discharge such duties as 
usually pertain to the office of President.
11.
Vice-Presidents.  The vice-president, if any, or vice-presidents if there is more 
than one, shall, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, at the request of the 
President or in his absence, or in case of his inability to perform his duties from any 
cause, perform the duties of the President, and, when so acting, shall have all the powers 
of, and be subject to all restrictions upon, the President.  The vice-presidents shall also 
perform such other duties as may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors, and the 
Board of Directors may determine the order of priority among them.

8
Bylaws of TeamBoost.ai, Inc

--- Page 9 ---
12.
Secretary.  The Secretary shall perform such duties as are incident to the office of 
Secretary, or as may from time to time be assigned to him by the Board of Directors, or as 
are prescribed by these By-Laws.
13.
Treasurer.  The Treasurer shall perform such duties and have powers as are 
usually incident to the office of Treasurer or which may be assigned to him by the Board 
of Directors.
VI.
 
CAPITAL STOCK.
1.
Uncertificated Shares of Stock.  The shares of capital stock of the Corporation 
shall be uncertificated shares of stock evidenced by a book-entry system maintained by 
the registrar of such stock; provided, that the Board of Directors may provide by 
resolution or resolutions that some or all of any class or series shall be shares that are 
represented by certificates of stock.  If shares are represented by certificates, such 
certificates of capital stock shall be in such form as shall be approved by the Board of 
Directors.  They shall be numbered in the order of their issue and shall be signed by the 
Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, the President, or one of the 
vicepresidents, and the Secretary or an assistant secretary or the treasurer or an assistant 
treasurer, and the seal of the Corporation or a facsimile thereof shall be impressed or 
affixed or reproduced thereon; provided, however, that where such certificates are signed 
by a transfer agent or an assistant transfer agent or by a transfer clerk acting on behalf of 
the Corporation and a registrar, the signature of any such Chairman of the Board of 
Directors, Chief Executive Officer, President, vicepresident, Secretary, assistant secretary, 
treasurer or assistant treasurer may be facsimile.  In case any officer or officers who shall 
have signed, or whose facsimile signature or signatures shall have been used on any such 
certificate or certificates shall cease to be such officer or officers of the Corporation, 
whether because of death, resignation or otherwise, before such certificate or certificates 
shall have been delivered by the Corporation, such certificate or certificates may 
nevertheless be adopted by the Corporation and be issued and delivered as though the 
person or persons who signed such certificate or certificates, or whose facsimile signature 
or signatures shall have been used thereon have not ceased to be such officer or officers 
of the Corporation.
2.
Registration and Transfer of Shares.  The name of each person owning a share of 
the capital stock of the Corporation shall be entered on the books of the Corporation 
together with the number of shares held by him, the numbers of the certificates covering 
such shares, if applicable, and the dates of issuance of such shares.  The shares of stock of 
the Corporation shall be transferable on the books of the Corporation by the holders 
thereof in person, or by their duly authorized attorneys or legal representatives, on 
surrender and cancellation of certificates for a like number of shares, accompanied by an 
assignment or power of transfer endorsed thereon or attached thereto, duly executed, and 

9
Bylaws of TeamBoost.ai, Inc

--- Page 10 ---
with such proof of the authenticity of the signature as the Corporation or its agents may 
reasonably require.  A record shall be made of each transfer.
The Board of Directors may make other and further rules and regulations concerning the 
transfer and registration of certificates for stock and may appoint a transfer agent or registrar or 
both and may require all certificates of stock to bear the signature of either or both.
3.
Lost, Destroyed and Mutilated Certificates.  The holder of any stock of the 
Corporation shall immediately notify the Corporation of any loss, theft, destruction or 
mutilation of the certificates therefor, as applicable.  The Corporation may issue a new 
certificate of stock in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it alleged to have 
been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Board of Directors may, in its discretion, require 
the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his legal representatives, to give 
the Corporation a bond, in such sum not exceeding double the value of the stock and with 
such surety or sureties as they may require, to indemnify it against any claim that may be 
made against it by reason of the issue of such new certificate and against all other liability 
in the premises, or may remit such owner to such remedy or remedies as he may have 
under the laws of the State of Delaware.
VII.
 
DIVIDENDS, SURPLUS, ETC.
1.
General Discretion of Directors.  The Board of Directors shall have power to fix 
and vary the amount to be set aside or reserved as working capital of the Corporation, or 
as reserves, or for other proper purposes of the Corporation, and, subject to the 
requirements of the Certificate of Incorporation, to determine whether any, if any, part of 
the surplus or net profits of the Corporation shall be declared as dividends and paid to the 
stockholders, and to fix the date or dates for the payment of dividends.
VIII.
 
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS.
1.
Fiscal Year.  The fiscal year of the Corporation shall commence on the first day of 
January and end on the last day of December.
2.
Corporate Seal.  The corporate seal shall be in such form as approved by the 
Board of Directors and may be altered at their pleasure.  The corporate seal may be used 
by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.
3.
Notices.  Except as otherwise expressly provided, any notice required by these 
By-Laws to be given shall be sufficient if given by depositing the same in a post office or 
letter box in a sealed postpaid wrapper addressed to the person entitled thereto at his 
address, as the same appears upon the books of the Corporation, or by sending via 
facsimile, telegraphing or cabling the same to such person at such addresses; and such 

10
Bylaws of TeamBoost.ai, Inc

--- Page 11 ---
notice shall be deemed to be given at the time it is mailed, sent via facsimile, telegraphed 
or cabled.
4.
Waiver of Notice.  Any stockholder or director may at any time, by writing or by 
telegraph or by cable, waive any notice required to be given under these By-Laws, and if 
any stockholder or director shall be present at any meeting his presence shall constitute a 
waiver of such notice.
5.
Checks, Drafts, etc.  All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, 
notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation, shall be 
signed by such officer or officers, agent or agents of the Corporation, and in such manner, 
as shall from time to time be designated by resolution of the Board of Directors.
6.
Deposits.  All funds of the Corporation shall be deposited from time to time to the 
credit of the Corporation in such bank or banks, trust companies or other depositories as 
the Board of Directors may select, and, for the purpose of such deposit, checks, drafts, 
warrants and other orders for the payment of money which are payable to the order of the 
Corporation, may be endorsed for deposit, assigned and delivered by any officer of the 
Corporation, or by such agents of the Corporation as the Board of Directors or the 
President may authorize for that purpose.
7.
Voting Stock of Other Corporations.  Except as otherwise ordered by the Board of 
Directors or the Executive Committee, the President or the treasurer shall have full power 
and authority on behalf of the Corporation to attend and to act and to vote at any meeting 
of the stockholders of any corporation of which the Corporation is a stockholder and to 
execute a proxy to any other person to represent the Corporation at any such meeting, and 
at any such meeting the President or the treasurer or the holder of any such proxy, as the 
case may be, shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and powers incident to 
ownership of such stock and which, as owner thereof, the Corporation might have 
possessed and exercised if present.  The Board of Directors or the Executive Committee 
may from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons.
8.
Indemnification of Officers and Directors.  The Corporation shall indemnify any 
and all of its directors or officers, including former directors or officers, and any 
employee, who shall serve as an officer or director of any corporation at the request of 
this Corporation, to the fullest extent permitted under and in accordance with the laws of 
the State of Delaware.
IX.
AMENDMENTS.
The Board of Directors shall have the power to make, rescind, alter, amend and 
repeal these By-Laws; provided, however, that the stockholders shall have power to rescind, 
alter, amend or repeal any by-laws made by the Board of Directors, and to enact by-laws which if 

11
Bylaws of TeamBoost.ai, Inc

--- Page 12 ---
so expressed shall not be rescinded, altered, amended or repealed by the Board of Directors.  No 
change of the time or place for the annual meeting of the stockholders for the election of 
directors shall be made except in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.
A true copy adopted by the board of directors effective January ___, 2023.
	
	
	
	
	
ATTEST:
	
	
	
	
	
______________________________
	
	
	
	
	
Secretary

12
Bylaws of TeamBoost.ai, Inc
