
--- Page 1 ---
 
 
BYLAWS 
 
OF 
 
HIPPO, INC.  
 
 
ARTICLE I 
 
OFFICES 
Section 1. 
Registered Office.   The registered office of the corporation in the State of 
Delaware shall be 108 Lakeland Ave.  Dover, Delaware, 19901 or in such other location as the Board 
of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may require.  
Section 2. 
Other Offices.   The corporation shall also have and maintain an office or 
principal place of business at such place as may be fixed by the Board of Directors, and may also 
have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the Board of 
Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may require.   
ARTICLE II 
 
CORPORATE SEAL 
Section 3. 
Corporate Seal.   The Board of Directors may adopt a corporate seal. Said 
seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or 
otherwise.   
ARTICLE III 
 
STOCKHOLDERS’ MEETINGS 
Section 4. 
Place of Meetings.   Meetings of the stockholders of the corporation may 
be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be determined from 
time to time by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, 
determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead by held solely by means 
of remote communication as provided under the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”). 
Section 5. 
Annual Meeting.  
(a) 
The annual meeting of the stockholders of the corporation, for the purpose 
of election of directors and for such other business as may lawfully come before it, shall be held 
on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors.  
(b) 
At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be 
conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting.  To be properly brought before 
an annual meeting, business must be:  (A) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement 
thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (B) otherwise properly brought 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 2 ---
 
 
2 
before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, or (C) otherwise properly 
brought before the meeting by a stockholder of record at the time of giving notice provided for in 
the following sentence, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complied with the notice 
procedures set forth in this Section 5.  For business to be properly brought before an annual meeting 
by a stockholder at any time that the corporation is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the “1934 Act”), the stockholder 
must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the corporation.  To be timely, 
a stockholder’s notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices 
of the corporation not later than the close of business on the 60th day nor earlier than the close of 
business on the 90th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual meeting; 
provided, however, that in the event that no annual meeting was held in the previous year or the 
date of the annual meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date contemplated at 
the time of the previous year’s proxy statement, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so 
received not earlier than the close of business on the 90th day prior to such annual meeting and 
not later than the close of business on the later of the 60th day prior to such annual meeting or, in 
the event public announcement of the date of such annual meeting is first made by the corporation 
fewer than 70 days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the close of business on the tenth 10th 
day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by 
the corporation. At any time that the corporation is subject to the reporting requirements of 1934 
Act, a stockholder’s notice to the Secretary shall set forth as to each matter the stockholder 
proposes to bring before the annual meeting:  (i) a brief description of the business desired to be 
brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual 
meeting, (ii) the name and address, as they appear on the corporation’s books, of the stockholder 
proposing such business, (iii) the class and number of shares of the corporation which are 
beneficially owned by the stockholder, (iv) any material interest of the stockholder in such business 
and (v) any other information that is required to be provided by the stockholder pursuant to the 
1934 Act, in his capacity as a proponent to a stockholder proposal.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
in order to include information with respect to a stockholder proposal in the proxy statement and 
form of proxy for a stockholders’ meeting, stockholders must provide notice as required by the 
regulations promulgated under the 1934 Act.  Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the 
contrary, no business shall be conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the 
procedures set forth in this paragraph (b).  The chairman of the annual meeting shall, if the facts 
warrant, determine and declare at the meeting that business was not properly brought before the 
meeting and in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph (b), and, if he should so determine, 
he shall so declare at the meeting that any such business not properly brought before the meeting 
shall not be transacted.  
(c) 
For purposes of this Section 5, “public announcement” shall mean 
disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or 
comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the corporation with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act. 
Section 6. 
Special Meetings.  
(a) 
Special meetings of the stockholders of the corporation may be called, for 
any purpose or purposes, by (i) the Chairman of the Board of Directors, (ii) the President and/or 
Chief Executive Officer, (iii) the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 3 ---
 
 
3 
of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously 
authorized directorships at the time any such resolution is presented to the Board of Directors for 
adoption) or (iv) by the holders of shares entitled to cast not less than 10% of the votes at the 
meeting and shall be held at such place, on such date, and at such time as the Board of Directors 
shall fix.  At any time or times that the corporation is subject to Section 2115(b) of the California 
General Corporation Law (“CGCL”), stockholders holding 5% or more of the outstanding shares 
shall have the right to call a special meeting of stockholders as set forth in Section 18(c) herein. 
(b) 
If a special meeting is properly called by any person or persons other than 
the Board of Directors, the request shall be in writing, specifying the general nature of the business 
proposed to be transacted, and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail or by 
telegraphic or other facsimile transmission to the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief 
Executive Officer, or the Secretary of the corporation.  No business may be transacted at such 
special meeting otherwise than specified in such notice.  The Board of Directors shall determine 
the time and place of such special meeting, which shall be held not less than thirty-five (35) nor 
more than one hundred twenty (120) days after the date of the receipt of the request.  Upon 
determination of the time and place of the meeting, the officer receiving the request shall cause 
notice to be given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Section 
7 of these Bylaws.  Nothing contained in this paragraph (b) shall be construed as limiting, fixing, 
or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the Board of Directors 
may be held. 
Section 7. 
Notice of Meetings.   Except as otherwise provided by law or the Certificate 
of Incorporation, notice, given in writing or by electronic transmission, of each meeting of 
stockholders shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of 
the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting, such notice to specify the place, 
if any, date and hour and purpose or purposes of the meeting, and the means of remote 
communications, if any,  by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in 
person and vote at any such meeting. If mailed, notice is given when deposited in the United States 
mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholder’s address as it appears on 
the records of the corporation. Notice of the time, place, if any, and purpose of any meeting of 
stockholders may be waived in writing, signed by the person entitled to notice thereof, or by 
electronic transmission by such person, either before or after such meeting, and will be waived by 
any stockholder by his attendance thereat in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or 
by proxy, except when the stockholder attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at 
the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully 
called or convened.  Any stockholder so waiving notice of such meeting shall be bound by the 
proceedings of any such meeting in all respects as if due notice thereof had been given.  
Section 8. 
Quorum.   At all meetings of stockholders, except where otherwise 
provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, or by these Bylaws, the presence, in 
person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy duly authorized, of the holders of a 
majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum for the 
transaction of business.  In the absence of a quorum, any meeting of stockholders may be 
adjourned, from time to time, either by the chairman of the meeting or by vote of the holders of a 
majority of the shares represented thereat, but no other business shall be transacted at such meeting.  
The stockholders present at a duly called or convened meeting, at which a quorum is present, may 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 4 ---
 
 
4 
continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough 
stockholders to leave less than a quorum.  Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of 
Incorporation or these Bylaws, all action taken by the holders of a majority of the vote cast in all 
matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of a majority of shares present in 
person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy duly authorized at the 
meeting and entitled to vote generally on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders.  
Except as otherwise provided by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, directors 
shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person, by remote 
communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy duly authorized, at the meeting and entitled 
to vote generally on the election of directors.  Where a separate vote by a class or classes or series 
is required, except where otherwise provided by the statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation 
or these Bylaws, a majority of the outstanding shares of such class or classes or series, present in 
person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy duly authorized, shall 
constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter. Except where 
otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the 
affirmative vote of the majority (plurality, in the case of the election of directors) of the votes cast 
by the holders of shares of such class or classes or series present in person, by remote 
communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting shall be the act of such class 
or classes or series.   
Section 9. 
Adjournment and Notice of Adjourned Meetings.   Any meeting of 
stockholders, whether annual or special, may be adjourned from time to time either by the 
chairman of the meeting or by the vote of a majority of the shares casting votes.  When a meeting 
is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time 
and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken.  At the 
adjourned meeting, the corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted 
at the original meeting.  If the adjournment is for more than 30 days or if after the adjournment a 
new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be 
given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.   
Section 10. 
Voting Rights.   For the purpose of determining those stockholders entitled 
to vote at any meeting of the stockholders, except as otherwise provided by law, only persons in 
whose names shares stand on the stock records of the corporation on the record date, as provided 
in Section 12 of these Bylaws, shall be entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders.  Every 
person entitled to vote or execute consents shall have the right to do so either in person, by remote 
communication, if applicable, or by an agent or agents authorized by a proxy granted in accordance 
with Delaware law.  An agent so appointed need not be a stockholder.  No proxy shall be voted 
after three (3) years from its date of creation unless the proxy provides for a longer period.   
Section 11. 
Joint Owners of Stock.   If shares or other securities having voting power 
stand of record in the names of two (2) or more persons, whether fiduciaries, members of a 
partnership, joint tenants, tenants in common, tenants by the entirety, or otherwise, or if two (2) or 
more persons have the same fiduciary relationship respecting the same shares, unless the Secretary 
is given written notice to the contrary and is furnished with a copy of the instrument or order 
appointing them or creating the relationship wherein it is so provided, their acts with respect to 
voting (including giving consent pursuant to Section 13) shall have the following effect:  (a) if 
only one (1) votes, his act binds all; (b) if more than one (1) votes, the act of the majority so voting 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 5 ---
 
 
5 
binds all; (c) if more than one (1) votes, but the vote is evenly split on any particular matter, each 
faction may vote the securities in question proportionally, or may apply to the Delaware Court of 
Chancery for relief as provided in the DGCL, Section 217(b).  If the instrument filed with the 
Secretary shows that any such tenancy is held in unequal interests, a majority or even-split for the 
purpose of subsection (c) shall be a majority or even-split in interest.   
Section 12. 
List of Stockholders.   The Secretary shall prepare and make, at least 10 
days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at 
said meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of each stockholder and the 
number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder.  Such list shall be open to the 
examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business 
hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where 
the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not 
specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held.  The list shall be produced and kept at the 
time and place of meeting during the whole time thereof and may be inspected by any stockholder 
who is present.   
Section 13. 
Action Without Meeting.  
(a) 
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any action 
required by statute to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders, or any action 
which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders, may be taken without a 
meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, or by electronic 
transmission setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock 
having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take 
such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. 
(b) 
Every written consent or electronic transmission shall bear the date of 
signature of each stockholder who signs the consent, and no written consent or electronic 
transmission shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within sixty 
(60) days of the earliest dated consent delivered to the corporation in the manner herein required, 
written consents or electronic transmissions signed by a sufficient number of stockholders to take 
action are delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, 
its principal place of business or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book 
in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded.  Delivery made to a corporation’s 
registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.  
(c) 
Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by 
less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented 
in writing or by electronic transmission and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would 
have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for such meeting had been the date 
that written consents signed by a sufficient number of stockholders to take action were delivered 
to the corporation as provided in Section 228(c) of the DGCL.  If the action which is consented to 
is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any section of the DGCL if such 
action had been voted on by stockholders at a meeting thereof, then the certificate filed under such 
section shall state, in lieu of any statement required by such section concerning any vote of 
stockholders, that written consent has been given in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 6 ---
 
 
6 
(d) 
An electronic mail, facsimile or other electronic transmission consenting to 
an action to be taken and transmitted by a stockholder or proxyholder, shall be deemed to be 
written, signed and dated for the purposes of this Section, provided that any such electronic mail, 
facsimile or other electronic transmission sets forth or is delivered with information from which 
the corporation can determine (i) that the electronic mail, facsimile or other electronic transmission 
was transmitted by the stockholder or proxyholder or by a person or persons authorized to act for 
the stockholder and (ii) the date on which such stockholder or proxyholder or authorized person 
or persons transmitted such electronic mail, facsimile or electronic transmission.  The date on 
which such electronic mail, facsimile or electronic transmission is transmitted shall be deemed to 
be the date on which such consent was signed.  No consent given by electronic mail, facsimile or 
other electronic transmission shall be deemed to have been delivered until such consent is 
reproduced in paper form and until such paper form shall be delivered to the corporation by 
delivery to its registered office in the state of Delaware, its principal place of business or an officer 
or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of 
stockholders are recorded.  Delivery made to a corporation’s registered office shall be made by 
hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.  Notwithstanding the foregoing 
limitations on delivery, consents given by electronic mail, facsimile or other electronic 
transmission may be otherwise delivered to the principal place of business of the corporation or to 
an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings 
of stockholders are recorded if, to the extent and in the manner provided by resolution of the board 
of directors of the corporation.  Any copy, facsimile or other reliable reproduction of a consent in 
writing may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing for any and all purposes for which 
the original writing could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile or other reproduction shall 
be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing. 
Section 14. 
Organization.  
(a) 
At every meeting of stockholders, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, 
or, if a Chairman has not been appointed or is absent, the President and/or the Chief Executive 
Officer, or, if the President and/or Chief Executive Officer is absent, a chairman of the meeting 
chosen by a majority in interest of the stockholders entitled to vote, present in person or by proxy, 
shall act as chairman.  The Secretary, or, in his or her absence, an Assistant Secretary directed to 
do so by the President, shall act as secretary of the meeting. 
(b) 
The Board of Directors of the corporation shall be entitled to make such 
rules or regulations for the conduct of meetings of stockholders as it shall deem necessary, 
appropriate or convenient.  Subject to such rules and regulations of the Board of Directors, if any, 
the chairman of the meeting shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations 
and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are necessary, 
appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, 
establishing an agenda or order of business for the meeting, rules and procedures for maintaining 
order at the meeting and the safety of those present, limitations on participation in such meeting to 
stockholders of record of the corporation and their duly authorized and constituted proxies and 
such other persons as the chairman shall permit, restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time 
fixed for the commencement thereof, limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by 
participants and regulation of the opening and closing of the polls for balloting on matters which 
are to be voted on by ballot.  Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 7 ---
 
 
7 
chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance 
with rules of parliamentary procedure. 
ARTICLE IV 
 
DIRECTORS 
Section 15. 
Number and Term of Office.    
The authorized number of directors of the corporation shall initially be fixed by the 
Board of Directors from time to time.  
Directors need not be stockholders unless so required by the Certificate of 
Incorporation.  If for any cause, the directors shall not have been elected at an annual meeting, 
they may be elected as soon thereafter as convenient at a special meeting of the stockholders called 
for that purpose in the manner provided in these Bylaws.   
Section 16. 
Powers.   The powers of the corporation shall be exercised, its business 
conducted and its property controlled by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, except as 
may be otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation.  
Section 17. 
Term of Directors.    
(a) 
Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, if any, 
to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, directors shall be elected at each annual 
meeting of stockholders to serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders and his or her 
successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her death, resignation or removal.  No 
decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of 
any incumbent director. 
 
(b) 
No person entitled to vote at an election for directors may cumulate votes 
to which such person is entitled, unless, at the time of such election, the corporation is subject to 
Section 2115(b) of the CGCL.  During such time or times that the corporation is subject to Section 
2115(b) of the CGCL, every stockholder entitled to vote at an election for directors may cumulate 
such stockholder’s votes and give one candidate a number of votes equal to the number of directors 
to be elected multiplied by the number of votes to which such stockholder’s shares are otherwise 
entitled, or distribute the stockholder’s votes on the same principle among as many candidates as 
such stockholder thinks fit. No stockholder, however, shall be entitled to so cumulate such 
stockholder’s votes unless (a) the names of such candidate or candidates have been placed in 
nomination prior to the voting and (b) the stockholder has given notice at the meeting, prior to the 
voting, of such stockholder’s intention to cumulate such stockholder’s votes.  If any stockholder 
has given proper notice to cumulate votes, all stockholders may cumulate their votes for any 
candidates who have been properly placed in nomination. Under cumulative voting, the candidates 
receiving the highest number of votes, up to the number of directors to be elected, are elected. 
Section 18. 
Vacancies.    
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 8 ---
 
 
8 
(a) 
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, and subject 
to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, if any, any vacancies on the Board of 
Directors resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other causes and any 
newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors shall, unless the 
Board of Directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships 
shall be filled by stockholders, be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors 
then in office, even though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors, or by a sole remaining 
director; provided, however, that whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series 
thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate of 
Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series shall, 
unless the Board of Directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created 
directorships shall be filled by stockholders, be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such 
class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected.  Any 
director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for the remainder of 
the full term of the director for which the vacancy was created or occurred and until such director’s 
successor shall have been elected and qualified.  A vacancy in the Board of Directors shall be 
deemed to exist under this Bylaw in the case of the death, removal or resignation of any director.  
 (c) 
At any time or times that the corporation is subject to Section 2115(b) of 
the CGCL, if, after the filling of any vacancy, the directors then in office who have been elected 
by stockholders shall constitute less than a majority of the directors then in office, then 
(i) 
any holder or holders of an aggregate of five percent (5%) or more 
of the total number of shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for those directors 
may call a special meeting of stockholders; or 
(ii) 
the Superior Court of the proper county shall, upon application of 
such stockholder or stockholders, summarily order a special meeting of the stockholders, to be 
held to elect the entire board, all in accordance with Section 305(c) of the CGCL, the term of office 
of any director shall terminate upon that election of a successor. 
Section 19. 
Resignation.   Any director may resign at any time by delivering his or her 
notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Secretary, such resignation to specify whether 
it will be effective at a particular time, upon receipt by the Secretary or at the pleasure of the Board 
of Directors.  If no such specification is made, it shall be deemed effective at the pleasure of the 
Board of Directors.  When one or more directors shall resign from the Board of Directors, effective 
at a future date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those who have so resigned, 
shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such 
resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each Director so chosen shall hold office 
for the unexpired portion of the term of the Director whose place shall be vacated and until his 
successor shall have been duly elected and qualified.   
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 9 ---
 
 
9 
Section 20. 
Removal.  
(a) 
Subject to any limitations imposed by applicable law and the Certificate of 
Incorporation (and assuming the corporation is not subject to Section 2115 of the CGCL), the 
Board of Directors or any director may be removed from office at any time (i) with cause by the 
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all then-outstanding shares of 
voting stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally at an election of directors or (ii) without 
cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all then-
outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation, entitled to elect such director. 
(b) 
During such time or times that the corporation is subject to Section 2115(b) 
of the CGCL: 
 
(i) 
Subject to the rights of holders of any series or class to remove 
directors, the Board of Directors or any individual director may be removed from office at any 
time without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding 
shares entitled to vote on such removal; provided, however, that unless the entire Board is 
removed, no individual director may be removed when the votes cast against such director’s 
removal, or not consenting in writing to such removal, would be sufficient to elect that director if 
voted cumulatively at an election which the same total number of votes were cast (or, if such action 
is taken by written consent, all shares entitled to vote were voted) and the entire number of directors 
authorized at the time of such director’s most recent election were then being elected. 
Section 21. 
Meetings of the Board of Directors.  
(a) 
Regular Meetings.  Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of 
Incorporation, regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time or date and at 
any place within or without the State of Delaware which has been designated by the Board of 
Directors and publicized among all directors. No formal notice shall be required for a regular 
meeting of the Board of Directors.   
(b) 
Special Meetings.  Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of 
Incorporation, special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time and place within 
or without the State of Delaware whenever called by the Chairman of the Board, the President (if 
a director), the Chief Executive Officer (if a director) or any two of the directors.  
(c) 
Meetings by Electronic Communications Equipment.  Any member of 
the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting by means of 
conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons 
participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting by such means shall 
constitute presence in person at such meeting.   
(d) 
Notice of Special Meetings.  Notice of the time and place of all special 
meetings of the Board of Directors shall be given orally or in writing, by telephone, including a 
voice messaging system or other system or technology designed to record and communicate 
messages, facsimile, telegraph or telex, or by electronic mail or other electronic means, at least 
twenty four (24) hours before the date and time of the meeting. If notice is sent by U.S. mail, it 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 10 ---
 
 
10
shall be sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, at least three (3) days before the date of the 
meeting.  Notice of any meeting may be waived in writing or by electronic transmission at any 
time before or after the meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except 
when the director attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the 
meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.   
(e) 
Waiver of Notice.  The transaction of all business at any meeting of the 
Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, however called or noticed, or wherever held, shall 
be as valid as though had at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice, if a quorum be present 
and if, either before or after the meeting, each of the directors not present who did not receive 
notice shall sign a written waiver of notice or shall waive notice by electronic transmission.  All 
such waivers shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting.  
Section 22. 
Quorum and Voting.  
(a) 
Unless the Certificate of Incorporation requires a greater number and except 
with respect to indemnification questions arising under Section 43 hereof, for which a quorum 
shall be one-third of the total number of directors then in office, a quorum of the Board of Directors 
shall consist of a majority of the total number of directors then in office; provided, however, at any 
meeting, whether a quorum be present or otherwise, a majority of the directors present may adjourn 
from time to time until the time fixed for the next regular meeting of the Board of Directors, 
without notice other than by announcement at the meeting.   
(b) 
At each meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, all 
questions and business shall be determined by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors 
present, unless a different vote be required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.   
Section 23. 
Action Without Meeting.   Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate 
of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of 
the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members 
of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by 
electronic transmission, and such writing or writings or transmission or transmissions are filed 
with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee.  Such filing shall be in 
paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the 
minutes are maintained in electronic form. 
Section 24. 
Fees and Compensation.   Directors shall be entitled to such compensation 
for their services as may be approved by the Board of Directors, including, if so approved, by 
resolution of the Board of Directors, a fixed sum and expenses of attendance, if any, for attendance 
at each regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors and at any meeting of a committee of 
the Board of Directors.  Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from 
serving the corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent, employee, or otherwise and 
receiving compensation therefor.   
Section 25. 
Committees.  
(a) 
Executive Committee.  The Board of Directors may appoint an Executive 
Committee to consist of one (1) or more members of the Board of Directors.  The Executive 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 11 ---
 
 
11
Committee, to the extent permitted by law and provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors 
shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the 
management of the business and affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal of the 
corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the 
power or authority in reference to (i) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, 
any action or matter expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval, 
or (ii) adopting, amending or repealing any bylaw of the corporation.   
(b) 
Other Committees.  The Board of Directors may, from time to time, 
appoint such other committees as may be permitted by law.  Such other committees appointed by 
the Board of Directors shall consist of one (1) or more members of the Board of Directors and 
shall have such powers and perform such duties as may be prescribed by the resolution or 
resolutions creating such committees, but in no event shall any such committee have the powers 
denied to the Executive Committee in these Bylaws.   
(c) 
Term.  Each member of a committee of the Board of Directors shall serve 
a term on the committee coexistent with such member’s term on the Board of Directors.  The Board 
of Directors, subject to any requirements of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock, and the 
provisions of subsections (a) or (b) of this Section may at any time increase or decrease the number 
of members of a committee or terminate the existence of a committee.  The membership of a 
committee member shall terminate on the date of his or her death or voluntary resignation from 
the committee or from the Board of Directors.  The Board of Directors may at any time for any 
reason remove any individual committee member and the Board of Directors may fill any 
committee vacancy created by death, resignation, removal or increase in the number of members 
of the committee.  The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate 
members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting 
of the committee, and, in addition, in the absence or disqualification of any member of a 
committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from 
voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member 
of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified 
member.   
(d) 
Meetings.  Unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide, regular 
meetings of the Executive Committee or any other committee appointed pursuant to this Section 
shall be held at such times and places as are determined by the Board of Directors, or by any such 
committee, and when notice thereof has been given to each member of such committee, no further 
notice of such regular meetings need be given thereafter.  Special meetings of any such committee 
may be held at any place which has been determined from time to time by such committee, and 
may be called by any director who is a member of such committee, upon notice to the members of 
such committee of the time and place of such special meeting given in the manner provided for 
the giving of written notice to members of the Board of Directors of the time and place of special 
meetings of the Board of Directors.  Notice of any special meeting of any committee may be 
waived in writing at any time before or after the meeting and will be waived by any director by 
attendance thereat, except when the director attends such special meeting for the express purpose 
of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting 
is not lawfully called or convened. Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors in the 
resolutions authorizing the creation of the committee, a majority of the authorized number of 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 12 ---
 
 
12
members of any such committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the 
act of a majority of those present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of 
such committee.   
Section 26. 
Organization.   At every meeting of the directors, the Chairman of the 
Board of Directors, or, if a Chairman has not been appointed or is absent, the Chief Executive 
Officer (if a director) or if the Chief Executive Officer is not a director or is absent, the President 
(if a director), or if the President is not a director or is absent, the most senior Vice President, (if a 
director) or, in the absence of any such person, a chairman of the meeting chosen by a majority of 
the directors present, shall preside over the meeting.  The Secretary, or in his or her absence, any 
Assistant Secretary directed to do so by the Chief Executive Officer or President, shall act as 
secretary of the meeting. 
ARTICLE V 
 
OFFICERS 
Section 27. 
Officers Designated.   The officers of the corporation shall include, if and 
when designated by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief 
Executive Officer, the President, one or more Vice Presidents, the Secretary, the Chief Financial 
Officer, and the Treasurer or their equivalents, all of whom shall be elected at the annual 
organizational meeting of the Board of Directors.  The Board of Directors may also appoint one 
or more Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers, Assistant Controllers and such other officers 
and agents with such powers and duties as it shall deem necessary.  The Board of Directors may 
assign such additional titles to one or more of the officers as it shall deem appropriate.  Any one 
person may hold any number of offices of the corporation at any one time unless specifically 
prohibited therefrom by law.  The salaries and other compensation of the officers of the corporation 
shall be fixed by or in the manner designated by the Board of Directors.   
Section 28. 
Tenure and Duties of Officers.  
(a) 
General.  All officers shall hold office at the pleasure of the Board of 
Directors and until their successors shall have been duly elected and qualified, unless sooner 
removed.  Any officer elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time 
by the Board of Directors.  If the office of any officer becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy 
may be filled by the Board of Directors, or by the Chief Executive Officer or other officer if so 
authorized by the Board of Directors.   
(b) 
Duties of Chairman of the Board of Directors.  The Chairman of the 
Board of Directors, when present, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board 
of Directors.  The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall perform other duties commonly 
incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the 
Board of Directors shall designate from time to time.  If there is no Chief Executive Officer and 
no President, then the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall also serve as the Chief Executive 
Officer of the corporation and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in paragraph (c) of this 
Section. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 13 ---
 
 
13
(c) 
Duties of Chief Executive Officer.  Subject to such supervisory powers, if 
any, as may be given by the Board of Directors to the Chairman of the Board, if there be such an 
officer, the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation shall, subject to the control of the Board of 
Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and the officers of the 
corporation.  The Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, in 
the absence or nonexistence of a Chairman of the Board, at all meetings of the Board of Directors.  
The Chief Executive Officer shall have the general powers and duties of management usually 
vested in the Chief Executive Officer of a corporation and shall have such other powers and duties 
as may be prescribed by the board of directors or these bylaws. 
(d) 
Duties of President.  If the corporation does not have a separate officer 
serving as Chief Executive Officer, the President shall serve that role.  If the corporation does have 
a separate officer serving as Chief Executive Officer, the President shall be the Chief Operating 
Officer and shall have such powers and perform such duties as shall from time to time be specified 
by the Board of Directors or delegated to the President by the Board of Directors.  The President 
shall sign all certificates for shares of the capital stock of the corporation and may, together with 
the Secretary, execute on behalf of the corporation any contract that has been approved by the 
Board of Directors.   
(e) 
Duties of Vice Presidents.  The Vice Presidents may assume and perform 
the duties of the President in the absence or disability of the President or whenever the office of 
President is vacant.  The Vice Presidents shall perform other duties commonly incident to their 
office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of 
Directors or the President shall designate from time to time.   
(f) 
Duties of Secretary.  The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the 
stockholders and of the Board of Directors and shall record all acts and proceedings thereof in the 
minute book of the corporation.  The Secretary shall give notice in conformity with these Bylaws 
of all meetings of the stockholders and of all meetings of the Board of Directors and any committee 
thereof requiring notice.  The Secretary shall perform all other duties provided for in these Bylaws 
and other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have 
such other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time.  The President or 
Chief Executive Officer may direct any Assistant Secretary to assume and perform the duties of 
the Secretary in the absence or disability of the Secretary, and each Assistant Secretary shall 
perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and 
have such other powers as the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, or the President 
shall designate from time to time.   
(g) 
Duties of Chief Financial Officer.  The Chief Financial Officer shall keep 
or cause to be kept the books of account of the corporation in a thorough and proper manner and 
shall render statements of the financial affairs of the corporation in such form and as often as 
required by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, or the President.  The Chief 
Financial Officer, subject to the order of the Board of Directors, shall have the custody of all funds 
and securities of the corporation.  The Chief Financial Officer shall perform other duties commonly 
incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the 
Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, or the President shall designate from time to time.  
The Chief Executive Officer or the President may direct the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer, 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 14 ---
 
 
14
or the Controller or any Assistant Controller to assume and perform the duties of the Chief 
Financial Officer in the absence or disability of the Chief Financial Officer, and each Treasurer 
and Assistant Treasurer and each Controller and Assistant Controller shall perform other duties 
commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other 
powers as the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, or the President shall designate 
from time to time.   
Section 29. 
Delegation of Authority.   The Board of Directors may from time to time 
delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officer or agent, notwithstanding any 
provision hereof. 
Section 30. 
Resignations.   Any officer may resign at any time by giving notice in 
writing or by electronic transmission to the Board of Directors or to the Chief Executive Officer, 
or to the President or to the Secretary.  Any such resignation shall be effective when received by 
the person or persons to whom such notice is given, unless a later time is specified therein, in 
which event the resignation shall become effective at such later time.  Unless otherwise specified 
in such notice, the acceptance of any such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.  
Any resignation shall be without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the corporation under any 
contract with the resigning officer.  
 Section 31. 
Removal.   Any officer may be removed from office at any time, either with 
or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors in office at the time, or by 
the unanimous written or electronic consent of the directors in office at the time, or by any 
committee or superior officers upon whom such power of removal may have been conferred by 
the Board of Directors. 
ARTICLE VI 
 
EXECUTION OF CORPORATE INSTRUMENTS AND VOTING 
OF SECURITIES OWNED BY THE CORPORATION 
Section 32. 
Execution of Corporate Instruments.   The Board of Directors may, in its 
discretion, determine the method and designate the signatory officer or officers, or other person or 
persons, to execute on behalf of the corporation any corporate instrument or document, or to sign 
on behalf of the corporation the corporate name, or to enter into contracts on behalf of the 
corporation, except where otherwise provided by law or these Bylaws, and such execution or 
signature shall be binding upon the corporation.   
All checks and drafts drawn on banks or other depositaries of funds to the credit of the 
corporation or on special accounts of the corporation shall be signed by such person or persons as 
the Board of Directors shall authorize so to do. 
Unless authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or within the agency power of an 
officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the corporation by 
any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any 
amount.   
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 15 ---
 
 
15
Section 33. 
Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation.   All stock and other 
securities of other corporations owned or held by the corporation for itself, or for other parties in 
any capacity, shall be voted, and all proxies with respect thereto shall be executed, by the person 
authorized so to do by resolution of the Board of Directors, or, in the absence of such authorization, 
by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or any Vice 
President.   
ARTICLE VII 
 
SHARES OF STOCK 
 
Section 34. 
Form and Execution of Certificates.   The shares of the corporation shall 
be represented by certificates, or shall be uncertificated. Certificates for the shares of stock, if any, 
of the corporation shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and 
applicable law.  Every holder of shares of stock in the corporation represented by certificate shall 
be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the corporation by the Chairman of the 
Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, or the President or any Vice President and by the 
Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of 
shares owned by him or her in the corporation.  Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may 
be facsimiles.  In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile 
signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or 
registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she were 
such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue.   
Section 35. 
Lost Certificates.   A new certificate or certificates shall be issued in place 
of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the corporation alleged to have been lost, 
stolen, or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the 
certificate of stock to be lost, stolen, or destroyed.  The corporation may require, as a condition 
precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, the owner of such lost, stolen, or 
destroyed certificate or certificates, or the owner’s legal representative, to agree to indemnify the 
corporation in such manner as it shall require or to give the corporation a surety bond in such form 
and amount as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the 
corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed.   
Section 36. 
Transfers.  
(a) 
The corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement 
with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the corporation to restrict 
the sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, or other disposal of or encumbering of any of the shares of 
stock of the corporation or any right or interest therein, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, 
or by gift or otherwise (each a “Transfer”) of shares of stock of the corporation of any one or 
more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 16 ---
 
 
16
(b) 
Transfers of record of shares of stock of the corporation shall be made only 
upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by attorney duly authorized, and upon the 
surrender of a properly endorsed certificate or certificates for a like number of shares.   
(b) 
If the stockholder desires to sell or otherwise Transfer any of his or her 
shares of stock, then the stockholder shall first give written notice thereof to the corporation.  The 
notice shall name the proposed transferee and state the number of shares to be transferred, the 
proposed consideration, and all other terms and conditions of the proposed Transfer.  
Section 37. 
Fixing Record Dates.  
(a) 
In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to 
notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of 
Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon 
which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record 
date shall, subject to applicable law, not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before 
the date of such meeting.  If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for 
determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at 
the close of business on the day immediately preceding the day on which notice is given, or if 
notice is waived, at the close of business on the day immediately preceding the day on which the 
meeting is held.  A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a 
meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that 
the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
(b) 
In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to 
consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record 
date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date 
is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which date shall not be more than ten (10) days after the 
date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors.  Any 
stockholder of record seeking to have the stockholders authorize or take corporate action by written 
consent shall, by written notice to the Secretary, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date.  
The Board of Directors shall promptly, but in all events within ten (10) days after the date on which 
such a request is received, adopt a resolution fixing the record date.  If no record date has been 
fixed by the Board of Directors within ten (10) days of the date on which such a request is received, 
the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing 
without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is required by applicable law, 
shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed 
to be taken is delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of 
Delaware, its principal place of business or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody 
of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded.  Delivery made to the 
corporation’s registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt 
requested.  If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board 
of Directors is required by law, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to 
corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which 
the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 17 ---
 
 
17
(c) 
In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to 
receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders 
entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the 
purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, 
which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is 
adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action.  If no 
record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at 
the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating 
thereto.   
Section 38. 
Registered Stockholders.   The corporation shall be entitled to recognize 
the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, 
and to vote as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or 
interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person whether or not it shall have express 
or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.   
ARTICLE VIII 
 
OTHER SECURITIES OF THE CORPORATION 
Section 39. 
Execution of Other Securities.   All bonds, debentures and other corporate 
securities of the corporation, other than stock certificates (covered in Section 34), may be signed 
by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice 
President, or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, and the corporate 
seal impressed thereon or a facsimile of such seal imprinted thereon and attested by the signature 
of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or the Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer or an 
Assistant Treasurer; provided, however, that where any such bond, debenture or other corporate 
security shall be authenticated by the manual signature, or where permissible facsimile signature, 
of a trustee under an indenture pursuant to which such bond, debenture or other corporate security 
shall be issued, the signatures of the persons signing and attesting the corporate seal on such bond, 
debenture or other corporate security may be the imprinted facsimile of the signatures of such 
persons.  Interest coupons appertaining to any such bond, debenture or other corporate security, 
authenticated by a trustee as aforesaid, shall be signed by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer 
of the corporation or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, or bear 
imprinted thereon the facsimile signature of such person.  In case any officer who shall have signed 
or attested any bond, debenture or other corporate security, or whose facsimile signature shall 
appear thereon or on any such interest coupon, shall have ceased to be such officer before the bond, 
debenture or other corporate security so signed or attested shall have been delivered, such bond, 
debenture or other corporate security nevertheless may be adopted by the corporation and issued 
and delivered as though the person who signed the same or whose facsimile signature shall have 
been used thereon had not ceased to be such officer of the corporation. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 18 ---
 
 
18
ARTICLE IX 
 
DIVIDENDS 
Section 40. 
Declaration of Dividends.   Dividends upon the capital stock of the 
corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law, if any, 
may be declared by the Board of Directors pursuant to law at any regular or special meeting.  
Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the 
provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law.  
Section 41. 
Dividend Reserve.   Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside 
out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of 
Directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to 
meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of 
the corporation, or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall think conducive to the 
interests of the corporation, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in 
the manner in which it was created.   
ARTICLE X 
 
FISCAL YEAR 
Section 42. 
Fiscal Year.   The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution 
of the Board of Directors. 
ARTICLE XI 
 
INDEMNIFICATION 
Section 43. 
Indemnification of Directors, Executive Officers, Other Officers, 
Employees and Other Agents.  
(a) 
Directors and Executive Officers.  The corporation shall indemnify its 
directors and executive officers (for the purposes of this Article XI, “executive officers” shall have 
the meaning defined in Rule 3b-7 promulgated under the 1934 Act)  to the fullest extent not 
prohibited by the DGCL or any other applicable law; provided, however, that the corporation may 
modify the extent of such indemnification by individual contracts with its directors and executive 
officers; and, provided, further, that the corporation shall not be required to indemnify any director 
or executive officer in connection with any proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person 
unless (i) such indemnification is expressly required to be made by law, (ii) the proceeding was 
authorized by the Board of Directors of the corporation, (iii) such indemnification is provided by 
the corporation, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the corporation under the 
DGCL or any other applicable law or (iv) such indemnification is required to be made under 
subsection (d) of this Section. 
(b) 
Other Officers, Employees and Other Agents.  The corporation shall 
have power to indemnify its other officers, employees and other agents as set forth in the DGCL 
or any other applicable law.  The Board of Directors shall have the power to delegate the 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 19 ---
 
 
19
determination of whether indemnification shall be given to any such person except executive 
officers to such officers or other persons as the Board of Directors shall determine. 
(c) 
Expenses.  The corporation shall advance to any person who was or is a 
party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or 
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such 
person is or was a director or executive officer, of the corporation, or is or was serving at the 
request of the corporation as a director or executive officer of another corporation, partnership, 
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, prior to the final disposition of the proceeding, promptly 
following request therefor, all expenses incurred by any director or executive officer in connection 
with such proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay said 
amounts if it should be determined ultimately that such person is not entitled to be indemnified 
under this Section or otherwise. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined pursuant to paragraph (e) of 
this Section, no advance shall be made by the corporation to an executive officer of the corporation 
(except by reason of the fact that such executive officer is or was a director of the corporation, in 
which event this paragraph shall not apply) in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, 
criminal, administrative or investigative, if a determination is reasonably and promptly made (i) 
by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not 
parties to the proceeding, or (ii) if such quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable, a quorum 
of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that the 
facts known to the decision-making party at the time such determination is made demonstrate 
clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did 
not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. 
(d) 
Enforcement.  Without the necessity of entering into an express contract, 
all rights to indemnification and advances to directors and executive officers under this Section 
shall be deemed to be contractual rights and be effective to the same extent and as if provided for 
in a contract between the corporation and the director or executive officer.  Any right to 
indemnification or advances granted by this Section to a director or executive officer or officer 
shall be enforceable by or on behalf of the person holding such right in any court of competent 
jurisdiction if (i) the claim for indemnification or advances is denied, in whole or in part, or (ii) no 
disposition of such claim is made within ninety (90) days of request therefor.  The claimant in such 
enforcement action, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid also the expense 
of prosecuting the claim.  In connection with any claim for indemnification, the corporation shall 
be entitled to raise as a defense to any such action that the claimant has not met the standards of 
conduct that make it permissible under the DGCL or any other applicable law for the corporation 
to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed.  In connection with any claim by an executive 
officer of the corporation (except in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, 
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such executive officer is or was a director 
of the corporation) for advances, the corporation shall be entitled to raise as a defense as to any 
such action clear and convincing evidence that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that 
such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, or with 
respect to any criminal action or proceeding that such person acted without reasonable cause to 
believe that his or her conduct was lawful.  Neither the failure of the corporation (including its 
Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 20 ---
 
 
20
prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the 
circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL or any 
other applicable law, nor an actual determination by the corporation (including its Board of 
Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such 
applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that 
claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct.  
(e) 
Non-Exclusivity of Rights.  The rights conferred on any person by this 
Section shall not be exclusive of any other right which such person may have or hereafter acquire 
under any applicable statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote 
of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official 
capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office.  The corporation is specifically 
authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers, employees or 
agents respecting indemnification and advances, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL 
or any other applicable law. 
(f) 
Survival of Rights.  The rights conferred on any person by this Section 
shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, executive officer, officer, employee 
or other agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a 
person. 
(g) 
Insurance.  To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, the corporation 
or any other applicable law, the corporation, upon approval by the Board of Directors, may 
purchase insurance on behalf of any person required or permitted to be indemnified pursuant to 
this Section. 
(h) 
Amendments.  Any repeal or modification of this Section shall only be 
prospective and shall not affect the rights under this Section in effect at the time of the alleged 
occurrence of any action or omission to act that is the cause of any proceeding against any agent 
of the corporation. 
(i) 
Saving Clause.  If this Section or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on 
any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the corporation shall nevertheless 
indemnify each director and executive officer to the full extent not prohibited by any applicable 
portion of this Bylaw that shall not have been invalidated, or by any other applicable law.  If this 
Section shall be invalid due to the application of the indemnification provisions of another 
jurisdiction, then the corporation shall indemnify each director and executive officer to the full 
extent under applicable law. 
(j) 
Certain Definitions.  For the purposes of this Section, the following 
definitions shall apply: 
(1) 
The term “proceeding” shall be broadly construed and shall include, 
without limitation, the investigation, preparation, prosecution, defense, settlement, arbitration and 
appeal of, and the giving of testimony in, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or 
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 21 ---
 
 
21
(2) 
The term “expenses” shall be broadly construed and shall include, 
without limitation, court costs, attorneys’ fees, witness fees, fines, amounts paid in settlement or 
judgment and any other costs and expenses of any nature or kind incurred in connection with any 
proceeding. 
(3) 
The term the “corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting 
corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a 
consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and 
authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is 
or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving 
at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another 
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position 
under the provisions of this Section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he 
would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. 
(4) 
References to a “director,” “executive officer,” “officer,” 
“employee,” or “agent” of the corporation shall include, without limitation, situations where such 
person is serving at the request of the corporation as, respectively, a director, executive officer, 
officer, employee, trustee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other 
enterprise. 
(5) 
References to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit 
plans; references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an 
employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the corporation” shall include 
any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, 
or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee 
benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner 
he reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee 
benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the 
corporation” as referred to in this Bylaw. 
ARTICLE XII 
 
NOTICES 
Section 44. 
Notices.  
(a) 
Notice to Stockholders.  Written notice to stockholders of stockholder 
meetings shall be given as provided in Section 7 of these Bylaws.  Without limiting the manner by 
which notice may otherwise be given effectively to stockholders under any agreement or contract 
with such stockholder, and except as otherwise required by law, written notice to stockholders for 
purposes other than stockholder meetings may be sent by United States mail or nationally 
recognized overnight courier, or by facsimile, telegraph or telex or by electronic mail or other 
electronic means.   
(b) 
Notice to Directors.  Any notice required to be given to any director may 
be given by the method stated in subsection (a) of this Section, or as provided for in Section 21 of 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 22 ---
 
 
22
these Bylaws. If such notice is not delivered personally, it shall be sent to such address as such 
director shall have filed in writing with the Secretary, or, in the absence of such filing, to the last 
known post office address of such director. 
(c) 
Affidavit of Mailing.  An affidavit of mailing, executed by a duly 
authorized and competent employee of the corporation or its transfer agent appointed with respect 
to the class of stock affected or other agent, specifying the name and address or the names and 
addresses of the stockholder or stockholders, or director or directors, to whom any such notice or 
notices was or were given, and the time and method of giving the same, shall in the absence of 
fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts therein contained.   
(d) 
Time Notices Deemed Given.  All notices given by mail or by overnight 
delivery service, as above provided, shall be deemed to have been given as at the time of mailing, 
and all notices given by facsimile or electronic mail shall be deemed to have been given as of the 
sending time recorded at time of transmission. 
(e) 
Methods of Notice.  It shall not be necessary that the same method of giving 
notice be employed in respect of all recipients of notice, but one permissible method may be 
employed in respect of any one or more, and any other permissible method or methods may be 
employed in respect of any other or others. 
(f) 
Failure to Receive Notice.  The period or limitation of time within which 
any stockholder may exercise any option or right, or enjoy any privilege or benefit, or be required 
to act, or within which any director may exercise any power or right, or enjoy any privilege, 
pursuant to any notice sent him in the manner above provided, shall not be affected or extended in 
any manner by the failure of such stockholder or such director to receive such notice. 
(g) 
Notice to Person with Whom Communication Is Unlawful.  Whenever 
notice is required to be given, under any provision of law or of the Certificate of Incorporation or 
Bylaws of the corporation, to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of 
such notice to such person shall not be required and there shall be no duty to apply to any 
governmental authority or agency for a license or permit to give such notice to such person.  Any 
action or meeting which shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom 
communication is unlawful shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly 
given.  In the event that the action taken by the corporation is such as to require the filing of a 
certificate under any provision of the DGCL, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if 
notice is required, that notice was given to all persons entitled to receive notice except such persons 
with whom communication is unlawful. 
(h) 
Notice to Person with Undeliverable Address.  Whenever notice is 
required to be given, under any provision of law or the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of 
the corporation, to any stockholder to whom (i) notice of two consecutive annual meetings, and all 
notices of meetings or of the taking of action by written consent without a meeting to such person 
during the period between such two consecutive annual meetings, or (ii) all, and at least two, 
payments (if sent by first class mail) of dividends or interest on securities during a twelve-month 
period, have been mailed addressed to such person at his address as shown on the records of the 
corporation and have been returned undeliverable, the giving of such notice to such person shall 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 23 ---
 
 
23
not be required.  Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without notice to such person 
shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given.  If any such person shall 
deliver to the corporation a written notice setting forth his then current address, the requirement 
that notice be given to such person shall be reinstated.  In the event that the action taken by the 
corporation is such as to require the filing of a certificate under any provision of the DGCL, the 
certificate need not state that notice was not given to persons to whom notice was not required to 
be given pursuant to this paragraph.   
(i) 
Notice to Stockholders Sharing an Address.   Except as otherwise 
prohibited under DGCL, any notice given under the provisions of DGCL, the Certificate of 
Incorporation or the Bylaws shall be effective if given by a single written notice to stockholders 
who share an address if consented to by the stockholders at that address to whom such notice is 
given. Such consent shall have been deemed to have been given if such stockholder fails to object 
in writing to the corporation within 60 days of having been given notice by the corporation of its 
intention to send the single notice. Any consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written 
notice to the corporation. 
ARTICLE XIII 
 
AMENDMENTS 
Section 45. 
Amendments.   Subject to paragraph (h) of Section 43 of the Bylaws, the 
Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws of the corporation.  
The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the corporation; 
provided, however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the 
corporation required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, such action by stockholders 
shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of 
the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the 
election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
ARTICLE XIV 
 
LOANS TO OFFICERS 
Section 46. 
Loans to Officers.   Except as otherwise prohibited under applicable law, 
the corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer 
or other employee of the corporation or of its subsidiaries, including any officer or employee who 
is a Director of the corporation or its subsidiaries, whenever, in the judgment of the Board of 
Directors, such loan, guarantee or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the 
corporation.  The loan, guarantee or other assistance may be with or without interest and may be 
unsecured, or secured in such manner as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without 
limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the corporation.  Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed 
to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the corporation at common law or 
under any statute. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 24 ---
 
 
24
ARTICLE XV 
 
MISCELLANEOUS 
Section 47. 
Annual Report.  
 
(a) 
Subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section, during such time 
or times that the corporation is subject to Section 1501 of the CGCL, the Board of Directors shall 
cause an annual report to be sent to each stockholder of the corporation not later than one hundred 
twenty (120) days after the close of the corporation’s fiscal year.  Such report shall include a 
balance sheet as of the end of such fiscal year and an income statement and statement of changes 
in financial position for such fiscal year, accompanied by any report thereon of independent 
accountants or, if there is no such report, the certificate of an authorized officer of the corporation 
that such statements were prepared without audit from the books and records of the corporation.  
When there are more than 100 stockholders of record of the corporation’s shares, as determined 
by Section 605 of the CGCL, additional information as required by Section 1501(b) of the CGCL 
shall also be contained in such report, provided that if the corporation has a class of securities 
registered under Section 12 of the 1934 Act, the 1934 Act shall take precedence.  Such report shall 
be sent to stockholders at least fifteen (15) days prior to the next annual meeting of stockholders 
after the end of the fiscal year to which it relates. 
 
(b) If and so long as there are fewer than one hundred (100) holders of record 
of the corporation’s shares, the requirement of sending of an annual report to the stockholders of 
the corporation is hereby expressly waived. 
Section 48. 
Forum.  Unless the corporation consents in writing to the selection of an 
alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive 
forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the corporation; (ii) any 
action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other 
employee of the corporation to the corporation or the corporation’s stockholders; (iii) any action 
asserting a claim against the corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the 
corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation or the 
Bylaws of the corporation; or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the corporation or any 
director or officer or other employee of the corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 25 ---
 
 
SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE OF ADOPTION OF 
 
THE BYLAWS OF 
 
HIPPO, INC.  
 
 
I hereby certify that: 
I am the duly elected Secretary of Hippo, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
“Corporation”). 
The attached Bylaws constitute the Bylaws of the Corporation as duly adopted by the Board 
of Directors of the Corporation on April 20, 2022. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunder subscribed my name this 20th of April 2022.  
 
 
 
 
______________________________ 
Derek Edwin Pappas, Secretary 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 26 ---
  
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
 
ARTICLE I  OFFICES 
1 
Section 1. 
Registered Office. 
1 
Section 2. 
Other Offices. 
1 
ARTICLE II  CORPORATE SEAL 
1 
Section 3. 
Corporate Seal. 
1 
ARTICLE III  STOCKHOLDERS’ MEETINGS 
1 
Section 4. 
Place of Meetings. 
1 
Section 5. 
Annual Meeting. 
1 
Section 6. 
Special Meetings. 
2 
Section 7. 
Notice of Meetings. 
3 
Section 8. 
Quorum. 
3 
Section 9. 
Adjournment and Notice of Adjourned Meetings. 
4 
Section 10. 
Voting Rights. 
4 
Section 11. 
Joint Owners of Stock. 
4 
Section 12. 
List of Stockholders. 
5 
Section 13. 
Action Without Meeting. 
5 
Section 14. 
Organization. 
6 
ARTICLE IV  DIRECTORS 
7 
Section 15. 
Number and Term of Office. 
7 
Section 16. 
Powers. 
7 
Section 17. 
Term of Directors. 
7 
Section 18. 
Vacancies. 
7 
Section 19. 
Resignation. 
8 
Section 20. 
Removal. 
9 
Section 21. 
Meetings of the Board of Directors. 
9 
Section 22. 
Quorum and Voting. 
10 
Section 23. 
Action Without Meeting. 
10 
Section 24. 
Fees and Compensation. 
10 
Section 25. 
Committees. 
10 
Section 26. 
Organization. 
12 
ARTICLE V  OFFICERS 
12 
Section 27. 
Officers Designated. 
12 
Section 28. 
Tenure and Duties of Officers. 
12 
Section 29. 
Delegation of Authority. 
14 
Section 30. 
Resignations. 
14 
Section 31. 
Removal. 
14 
ARTICLE VI  EXECUTION OF CORPORATE INSTRUMENTS AND VOTING OF SECURITIES OWNED BY 
THE CORPORATION 
14 
Section 32. 
Execution of Corporate Instruments. 
14 
Section 33. 
Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation. 
15 
ARTICLE VII  SHARES OF STOCK 
15 
Section 34. 
Form and Execution of Certificates. 
15 
Section 35. 
Lost Certificates. 
15 
Section 36. 
Transfers. 
15 
Section 37. 
Fixing Record Dates. 
16 
Section 38. 
Registered Stockholders. 
17 
ARTICLE VIII  OTHER SECURITIES OF THE CORPORATION 
17 
Section 39. 
Execution of Other Securities. 
17 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 27 ---
  
 
ARTICLE IX  DIVIDENDS 
18 
Section 40. 
Declaration of Dividends. 
18 
Section 41. 
Dividend Reserve. 
18 
ARTICLE X  FISCAL YEAR 
18 
Section 42. 
Fiscal Year. 
18 
ARTICLE XI  INDEMNIFICATION 
18 
Section 43. 
Indemnification of Directors, Executive Officers, Other Officers, Employees and 
Other Agents.                                                                                                                                           18 
ARTICLE XII  NOTICES 
21 
Section 44. 
Notices. 
21 
ARTICLE XIII  AMENDMENTS 
23 
Section 45. 
Amendments. 
23 
ARTICLE XIV  LOANS TO OFFICERS 
23 
Section 46. 
Loans to Officers. 
23 
ARTICLE XV  MISCELLANEOUS 
24 
Section 47. 
Annual Report. 
24 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660

--- Page 28 ---
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BYLAWS 
 
OF 
 
HIPPO, INC.  
A DELAWARE CORPORATION 
 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 7C2884CB-6305-44EC-A2D2-F7565A4F1660
